[IMP] odoo.sh: ip changes (#10763)
odoo/documentation: content/administration/odoo_sh/advanced/frequent_technical_questions.rst

- Your scheduled actions should be
  `idempotent <https://stackoverflow.com/a/1077421/3332416>`_: they must not
  cause side-effects if they are started more often than expected.

.. _ip-address-change:

How can I automate tasks when an IP address change occurs?
----------------------------------------------------------

**Odoo.sh notifies project administrators of IP address changes.**

> Additionally when the IP address of a production instance changes, an HTTP `GET` request is made

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, when the IP address of a production instance changes, an HTTP `GET` request is made
```

to the path `/_odoo.sh/ip-change` with the new IP address included as a query string parameter
(`new`), along with the previous IP address as an additional parameter (`old`).

This mechanism allows custom actions to be applied in response to the IP address change

> (eg: sending an email, contacting a firewall API, configuring database objects, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g., sending an email, contacting a firewall API, configuring database objects, etc.)
```

For security reasons, the `/_odoo.sh/ip-change` route is accessible only internally by the platform
itself and returns a `403` response if accessed through any other means.

> Here is a pseudo implementation example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a pseudo-implementation example:
```

.. code-block:: python

    class IPChangeController(http.Controller):

        @http.route('/_odoo.sh/ip-change', auth='public')
        def ip_change(self, old=None, new=None):
            _logger.info("IP address changed from %s to %s", old, new)

>             # Then perform whatever action required for your use-case, eg: update an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Then perform whatever action required for your use case, e.g., update an
```
